# Napolini Express App
The Napolini Express Applications were developed over a 15 week period, with the goal of creating an application to be used by the community around the Hempstead/Uniondale area and the staff at Napolini Express. A beginning survey of Hofstra students showed that if there was an application for Napolini Express, they would use it. Background research showed that third-party apps are mainly used among the community, with orders averaging between multiple times a week to a few times a month. Using Android Studio, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio, Google Firebase, and Tableau, the mobile and web application were created for a popular Italian restaurant by Hofstra University. Today, technology is an integral part of society and the intent is to build up morale and stay connected within the community. Important features for the mobile app include registration, login, authentication, verification emails, interactive ordering system, checkout, and account management. A convenient, easy to use app is essential for customer use and restaurant productivity. When first opening the app, users are prompted to either sign in or sign up. The application checks through Google Firebase if the user is already registered and will be prompted to sign up if not. Users register and login with their email address, where an email is sent to verify their account. Forgot password is also implemented. The data is stored in SQL Server and authentication is through Firebase. Analysis of the data can be found in Tableau and on the management tool, using live data. The major questions needed to be answered include: what is the distribution of customers around the restaurant, what are the most popular items ordered, and how much is the restaurant making each week/month/year? With the data collected, it is easier to visualize these questions with charts and graphs. Tableau and the web application has been an important tool used for this application and has been given to management. Future plans include cross-platform mobile applications, extra features, and implementation of live charts in the web app.
